Boundary Docs (#2900)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v1.0.x/content/docs/overview/pam.mdx

[Boundary's managed groups](/boundary/tutorials/access-management/oidc-idp-groups) enable user permission workflows to be assigned dynamically based on identity provider MFA checks, group memberships, and other IDP-level context.
- **[Host discovery](/boundary/docs/hosts)**: Boundary's [dynamic host catalogs](/boundary/tutorials/host-management/aws-host-catalogs) are advanced workflows for automating the process of onboarding new or changed infrastructure resources and their connection information, and applying pre-configured security policies.

### Can Boundary replace a PAM solution?

Yes, Boundary provides many of the security controls traditionally delivered by PAM tools.
Boundary can also be used with an existing PAM tool, particularly the ones that emphasize agent-based security where Boundary's proxy-based security can be a natural complement.

> See also [Boundary vs. software-defined perimeter](/boundary/docs/overview/sdp) and [Boundary vs. secrets management tools](/boundary/docs/overview/secrets-management).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to also [Boundary vs. software-defined perimeter](/boundary/docs/overview/sdp) and [Boundary vs. secrets management tools](/boundary/docs/overview/secrets-management).
```
